This is an example of a book.
(I know it's a bat, just
pretend it's a book for now.)
Books will contain a lot of
text, so the player should
not have to wait for the text
to scroll and should be able
to flip between pages at
their lesiure.


Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,
consectetur adipiscing elit,
sed do eiusmod tempor
incididunt ut labore et
dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim
ad minim veniam, quis
nostrud exercitation ullamco
laboris nisi ut aliquip ex
ea commodo consequat. Duis
aute irure dolor in
reprehenderit in voluptate
velit esse cillum dolore eu
fugiat nulla pariatur.
Excepteur sint occaecat
cupidatat non proident, sunt
in culpa qui officia deserunt
mollit anim id est laborum.
